Make Vsphere GA: Enabling Vsphere Metrics/Logs (#3653)
elastic/integrations: packages/vsphere/_dev/build/docs/README.md

This integration periodically fetches logs and metrics from [vSphere](https://www.vmware.com/products/vsphere.html) vCenter servers. 

## Compatibility
The integration uses the (https://github.com/vmware/govmomi) [Govmomi] library to collect metrics and logs from any Vmware SDK URL (ESXi/VCenter). This library is built for and tested against ESXi and vCenter 6.5, 6.7 and 7.0.

## Metrics
To access the metrices, the url https://host:port(8989)/sdk needs to be passed to the hosts in Kibana UI. 

> ### Virtual Machine Metrics
>  The virtual machine consists of a set of specification and configuration files and is backed by the physical resources of a host. Every virtual machine has virtual devices that provide the same functionality as physical hardware but are more portable, secure and easier to manage.

Reviewer: A whiteline is neded after a title.

```suggestion
### Virtual Machine Metrics

 The virtual machine consists of a set of specification and configuration files and is backed by the physical resources of a host. Every virtual machine has virtual devices that provide the same functionality as physical hardware but are more portable, secure and easier to manage.
```

{{event "virtualmachine"}}

{{fields "virtualmachine"}}

### Host Metrics

>  ESX hosts are the servers/data storage devices on which the ESX or ESXi hypervisor has been installed. The use of hypervisors such as ESX and ESXi to create VMs (virtualization) is highly efficient, as one host device can support multiple VMs

Reviewer: Nit. No need to talk about the virtues of virtualization here :slightly_smiling_face: 
```suggestion
 ESX hosts are the servers/data storage devices on which the ESX or ESXi hypervisor has been installed. On of these hosts can support multiple VMs
```

{{event "host"}}

{{fields "host"}}

### Datastore Metrics
Datastores are logical containers, analogous to file systems, that hide specifics of physical storage and provide a uniform model for storing virtual machine files. 
{{event "datastore"}}

{{fields "datastore"}}

## Logs

> To access the logs, host address (localhost) and host port (9525) needs to be passed in Kibana UI. 
> ### vSphere Logs

Reviewer: Not sure if needed here, but a white line would be nice here.
```suggestion
To access the logs, host address (localhost) and host port (9525) needs to be passed in Kibana UI.

### vSphere Logs
```
